there you go my princess
okay we're driving right here in the
middle of surgery then we all lost
consciousness everyone patient died
everyone on the planet seemed to fight
out at exactly the same time and for the
same duration two minutes 17 seconds
we've been saying people have been
blacking up it wasn't my experience one
second I was in a car next I was
somewhere else the same thing happened
to me me too what was in my office was
my ten o'clock and i have to see the day
april 29th 2010 I saw the same day same
for me April 29th 10pm so you're saying
what the ruins consciousness just jumped
forward six months crazy assess sounds
yeah I saw a glimpse of my future and
everything's changed for me now these
people were not asleep they were not
dreaming so then what is it that they
were experienced memories of events that
have occurred yet I was getting a
prenatal sonogram I'm obviously not
pregnant I don't even have a boyfriend I
didn't see a damn thing what if I didn't
see anything because six months from now
you're gonna be dead
why did you see
Olivia what did you see I was with
another man
I've never seen him before in my
flash-forward I was investigating what
caused all this those people the places
i saw on the board they were part of
this puzzle a buncha state of mind I was
drinking again yeah anxiety Shane was
all back maybe because you saw it you
can change it what if I can't
just because we saw these things doesn't
mean they're going to happen